# WiFi Connect UI

## Setting up the development environment

The UI for **WiFi Connect** is built using **React**, bootstrapped by **create-react-app**. In order to develop for the UI you need to do the following:

1. Run `npm install` in the UI folder.
2. Run `npm start` to start the development server. This will serve the UI on `localhost:3000` by default.
3. Any changes to the code will automatically reflect in the UI without having to manually refresh.

The production bundle is generated by running `npm build`, which will bundle and minify the react code. This will create a `build` folder where all the static resources will be located. You can then serve the `index.html` file and the contents of the `build` folder however you wish.

All networking requests are done using the `fetch` API. Polyfills are added for `fetch` and `Promise` which should improve the support for older browsers.

## Logos and colors

If you want to customize the logo on the Access Point portal, you can update `src/img/logo.svg` (top navigation bar) and `public/static/favicon.png` (browser favicon).

If you need to change the top navigation bar color, you can adjust `NAVBAR_BACKGROUND_COLOR` in `src/config.tsx`. After customization, don't forget to build the assets (`npm build`)

## Translations

If you want to contribute and add a language, you can translate the default translations file `src/translations.tsx` on your fork, build the assets (`npm build`) and create a PR on the main project with theses translations.

If you want to customize translations for your project (adjust specific translation) or change the default language, you can add your own translation on the config file `src/config.tsx`. After customization, don't forget to build the assets (`npm build`)